:source-highlighter: highlightjs
= RealWave Sales Manager
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:toc: left
:toclevels: 4
:sectlinks:
:revnumber: {version}


Sales Manager Rest API documentation.


[[overview-http-verbs]]
== Headers
The headers below are required for all requests, id not informed you will receive a Bad Request.

|===
| Name | Value

| `X-Organization-Slug`
| Realwave Organization slug

| `X-Application-Id`
| An ApplicationId of the Organization
|===



= Purchase Order JOIN

== Create

=== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-join/curl-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-join/http-request.adoc[]

=== Example Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-join/http-response.adoc[]

=== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-join/request-fields.adoc[]



== Add Item

=== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-join/curl-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-join/http-request.adoc[]

=== Example Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-join/http-response.adoc[]

=== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-join/request-fields.adoc[]



== Installation Attributes

=== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-installation-attributes-success/curl-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-installation-attributes-success/http-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-installation-attributes-success/http-response.adoc[]

=== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-installation-attributes-success/path-parameters.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-installation-attributes-success/request-fields.adoc[]



== Member Get Member

=== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-mgm-code-success/curl-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-mgm-code-success/http-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-mgm-code-success/http-response.adoc[]

=== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-mgm-code-success/path-parameters.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-mgm-code-success/request-fields.adoc[]



= Purchase Order BUY

== Create

=== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-buy/curl-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-buy/http-request.adoc[]

=== Example Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-buy/http-response.adoc[]

=== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-buy/request-fields.adoc[]



== Add Item

=== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-buy/curl-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-buy/http-request.adoc[]

=== Example Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-buy/http-response.adoc[]

=== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-buy/request-fields.adoc[]





= Purchase Order CHANGE

== Create

=== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-change/curl-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-change/http-request.adoc[]

=== Example Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-change/http-response.adoc[]

=== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-success-with-type-change/request-fields.adoc[]



== Add Item

=== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-change/curl-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-change/http-request.adoc[]

=== Example Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-change/http-response.adoc[]

=== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/add item-change/request-fields.adoc[]



== Installation Attributes

=== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-installation-attributes-success/curl-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-installation-attributes-success/http-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-installation-attributes-success/http-response.adoc[]

=== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-installation-attributes-success/path-parameters.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-installation-attributes-success/request-fields.adoc[]


== Purchase Order Subscription

=== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-subscription/curl-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-subscription/http-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-subscription/http-response.adoc[]

=== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-subscription/request-fields.adoc[]



= Purchase Order COUPON

== Create

=== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-coupon/curl-request.adoc[]

=== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-coupon/http-request.adoc[]

=== Example Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-coupon/http-response.adoc[]

=== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/create-purchase-order-coupon/request-fields.adoc[]



= Purchase Order Segmentation

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-segmentation-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-segmentation-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-segmentation-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Request fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-segmentation-success/path-parameters.adoc[]



= Purchase Order On-boarding Sale

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-onboarding-sale-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-onboarding-sale-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-onboarding-sale-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Request Fields:
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-onboarding-sale-success/path-parameters.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-onboarding-sale-success/request-fields.adoc[]





= Purchase Order Update Item

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-item/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-item/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-item/http-response.adoc[]

== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-item/request-fields.adoc[]





= Purchase Order Protocol

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-protocol/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-protocol/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-protocol/http-response.adoc[]

== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-protocol/request-fields.adoc[]





= Delete Item from Purchase Order

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-item-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-item-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-item-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-item-success/path-parameters.adoc[]





= Purchase Order Customer

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-customer-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-customer-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-customer-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-customer-success/path-parameters.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-customer-success/request-fields.adoc[]






= Purchase Order Payment

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-payment-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-payment-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-payment-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-payment-success/path-parameters.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-payment-success/request-fields.adoc[]





= Delete Installation Attributes

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-installation-attributes-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-installation-attributes-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-installation-attributes-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-installation-attributes-success/path-parameters.adoc[]





= Purchase Order Coupon

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-coupon-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-coupon-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-coupon-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-coupon-success/path-parameters.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/update-coupon-success/request-fields.adoc[]





= Purchase Order Validate

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/validate-purchase-order-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/validate-purchase-order-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/validate-purchase-order-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/validate-purchase-order-success/path-parameters.adoc[]





= Checkout Purchase Order

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/checkout-purchase-order-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/checkout-purchase-order-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/checkout-purchase-order-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/checkout-purchase-order-success/path-parameters.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/checkout-purchase-order-success/request-fields.adoc[]





= Checkout Purchase Order With BOLETO

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/checkout-purchase-order-success-with-boleto/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/checkout-purchase-order-success-with-boleto/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/checkout-purchase-order-success-with-boleto/http-response.adoc[]

== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/checkout-purchase-order-success-with-boleto/response-fields.adoc[]

== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/checkout-purchase-order-success-with-boleto/path-parameters.adoc[]





= Delete Purchase Order

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-purchase-order-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-purchase-order-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-purchase-order-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/delete-purchase-order-success/path-parameters.adoc[]





= Purchase Order Callback

This endpoint is responsible for receiving Purchase Order progress updates after the checkout.

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/callback-purchase-order-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/callback-purchase-order-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/callback-purchase-order-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-command-application/target/generated-snippets/callback-purchase-order-success/request-fields.adoc[]





= Find Purchase Order by ID

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-id-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-id-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-id-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-id-success/path-parameters.adoc[]





= Find Purchase Order by Customer

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-customer-success/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-customer-success/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-customer-success/http-response.adoc[]

== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-customer-success/request-parameters.adoc[]





= Find Purchase Order by Protocol

== Curl Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-protocol/curl-request.adoc[]

== Example of Request
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-protocol/http-request.adoc[]

== Example of Response
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-protocol/http-response.adoc[]

== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/realwave-sales-manager-query-application/target/generated-snippets/find-purchase-order-by-protocol/path-parameters.adoc[]
